Optionally abort startup when unknown configuration parameters were detected (#5676)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/Migrating-Configuration.md

### Migrating the JSON configuration

OTP validates the configuration and prints warnings during startup. This means that when you
migrate to a newer version, you should carefully inspect the logs. If you see messages like

```
(NodeAdapter.java:170) Unexpected config parameter: 'routingDefaults.stairsReluctance:1.65' in 'router-config.json'
```

this means there are properties in your configuration that are unknown to OTP and therefore likely
to be a configuration error, perhaps because the schema was changed. In such a case you should
consult the [feature](Configuration.md#otp-features), [router](RouterConfiguration.md) or 
[build configuration documentation](BuildConfiguration.md) to find out what the new schema looks like.

### Aborting on invalid configuration

If you want OTP to abort the startup when encountering invalid configuration, you can add the flag
`--configCheck` to your regular OTP CLI commands.

This should of course be used wisely as it can also accidentally make your production instances refuse 
to start up.
Therefore, we recommend that you use it only in a separate pre-production step, perhaps during graph

> build.

Reviewer: The main model needs to be described here. 

OTP does not abort by default because:
 - I advanced deployments the configuration should follow the life-cycle of the environment.
 - Old config parameters should be left as is for a migration period. This allow you to role back OTP without the need to roll-back the OTP configuration. Let say you change the location of the graphs, then a critical error occours and you need to roll back. Any member of the dev-ops team should then be confident that she/he can roll back without risk - even if the environment changed.
 
 Note! We could improve this by separating environment spesiffic config and OTP turning.

Author: I took a stab at this here: 12d3d2daecd227d823f432bf5fe4c3296f0b93be

Let's have a quick chat in the meeting what exactly you would like to see there.

While OTP's GraphQL APIs are very, very stable even across versions, the JSON configuration schema
is not. Changes to it are relatively frequent and you can see all PRs that change it with
the [Github tag 'config change'](https://github.com/opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner/pulls?q=label%3A%22config+change%22).

### Migrating the JSON configuration

OTP validates the configuration and prints warnings during startup. This means that when you
migrate to a newer version, you should carefully inspect the logs. If you see messages like

```
(NodeAdapter.java:170) Unexpected config parameter: 'routingDefaults.stairsReluctance:1.65' in 'router-config.json'
```

this means there are properties in your configuration that are unknown to OTP and therefore likely
to be a configuration error, perhaps because the schema was changed. In such a case you should
consult the [feature](Configuration.md#otp-features), [router](RouterConfiguration.md) or 
[build configuration documentation](BuildConfiguration.md) to find out what the new schema looks like.

> By default, OTP starts up even when unknown configuration parameters have been found. This is there
> to support the style deployment where old config parameters remain in the file for a certain migration 
> period.  
> 
> This allows you to roll back the OTP version without the need to roll back the OTP configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OTP starts up even if unknown configuration parameters exists. This supports forward and backwards
migration of config parameters independent if the OTP version. This allow the configuration to follow the lifecycle of the environment and still be able to roll back OTP. Combined with the config parameter substitution it also allows using the same configuration in different environments. Tip! Rolling out the configuration before rolling out a new
version of OTP, ensure you that you are safe and can roll back later. 
```

An example: you change the location of the graphs, a critical error occurs afterwards and you need to 
roll back. Any member of the dev-ops team should then be confident that they can roll back without 
risk - even if the environment changed.

### Aborting on invalid configuration

If you want OTP to abort the startup when encountering unknown configuration parameters, you can add 

> the flag `--configCheck` to your regular OTP CLI commands.

Reviewer: Consider a better name for the cli parameter, for example: `--abortOnUnknownConfig`

Author: ba8e563a5f3e0572808d1ed41a4dcbea6dd7b23c

> This should of course be used wisely as it can also accidentally make your production instances refuse 
> to start up.
> Therefore, we recommend that you use it only in a separate pre-production step, perhaps during graph
> build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This should of course be used wisely as it can also accidentally make your production instances refuse to start up.
For some deployments this is a good solution - especially if the config substitution feature is used to inject
environment specific information. Using this feature in the graph-build phase is less risky, than in the OTP serve phase.
```
